Convert a laptop keyboard to USB

This was designed for the MP-09B23U4-6983 keyboard.

The flat flex connector was digikey part number WM3381


A useful laptop keyboard conversion is a harder problem than it seems. 
The mane challenge is the behavior when multiple keys are pressed & a
scanning algorithm which senses the very brief momentary presses.  These
are not handled by the operating system.

It needs to set the GND pins to push/pull mode.  Then it needs to raise
them all to pull all the keys high instead of waiting for the pullup
resistors.  This takes only 1 microsecond.  Then it needs to lower 1 GND
to scan 1 sector.  This takes only 1 microsecond.  It needs to scan all
the sectors about 200 times while remembering all the keys detected. 
Then to debouce, it only sends 1 report after a complete integration
which contains the change since the last integration.  100 scans take
10ms.

To speed up the scans, it used the last 8 pins as the GND & the 1st 17
as the sense pins.

It still dropped when multiple keys were pressed simultaneously instead
of registering the latest keypress.  Fortunately, the scanning algorithm
successfully detects simultaneous keypresses.  The next step was to
buffer every keypress it detected & copy the latest keypress to the
report.  It also needs to blacklist previous hits until they're
released. It's actually very important to be able to press keys
simultaneously & only show the latest key, then not show any previous
keys until they're all released.

It ended up needing a complicated algorithm to determine what keypress
out of multiple keypresses should go in the report.  These are
apparently steps all keyboards take, based on common typing behaviors. 
There are still memories of the 1st IBM keyboards 45 years ago & how the
behavior when multiple keys were pressed was so different than the
commodore.  Who knew how much programming went into that algorithm.



